the sky is burning
the world's oceans are foaming thunder
and lightning are shaking the air
two of the most terrible and powerful
monsters
collide in a duel a harbinger of the end
of the world
just the sight of this monster can drive
anyone mad
great and atrocious cthulhu
and the biggest squid on the planet is
fighting against it
a beast that knows no fear because
it's fear itself the cause of a thousand
shipwrecks the mighty and hideous kraken
let the most epic fight in the history
of the universe begin
you're on a fishing boat sailing in a
calm ocean
the water is crystal clear and there's
no wind
the sea merges with the horizon the land
isn't visible
and you feel free you look over the side
of the boat
and notice something strange in the
water
you're floating in the center of a huge
black spot
surrounded by a wide field of green
what's that oil spilled into the water
that took on such a strange hue then why
is it so
perfectly round suddenly you realize
what it is and the blood freezes
in your veins the black circle
is the pupil in the center of a huge
green eye
the thing that's looking right at you
from the water right now
is so big that your ship looks like a
speck
next to it it's the kraken
but don't worry the monster isn't
interested in a small prey like you
the kraken has been sinking ships for
centuries and never met
any decent resistance there are
thousands of boats lying on the sea
floor
but what's the point the kraken longs
for a real
challenge but can't find it the largest
mammal on earth is the blue whale
which is no more than a pet goldfish for
the kraken
even a megalodon could easily lose to
the tentacled beast in battle
maybe look for some great monster on the
bottom of the mariana trench
no the pressure is too high and there's
almost nothing
living there but then the kraken
has an idea it goes to the most remote
place on earth
a place rarely visited and poorly
explored
this place is called point nemo here
deep below the ocean surface lies the
ancient city
of relia built long before the
appearance of humans
and amidst the slumbering ruins the huge
and powerful cthulhu
is dreaming this ancient demigod
has been resting here for hundreds of
millennia
all this time cthulhu has been waiting
for its hour to wreak havoc on earth
it's sleeping but even in its dreams
cthulhu communicates with members of its
very own
cult following it uses telepathy to get
into their minds
and make them do atrocious things
but all of a sudden cthulhu's slumber is
interrupted
who dares wake it so rudely cthulhu
opens its angry red eyes overgrown with
seaweed
and sees a huge squid in front of it
the kraken has finally found a worthy
opponent
immediately it pounces on cthulhu and
wraps its tentacles around the monster's
head
the fight begins cthulhu heavily pushes
off from the sea floor
and rushes to the surface dragging the
kraken with it
two giant monsters larger than the
tallest skyscrapers
emerge from the water the sea is raging
and clouds are gathering over the
battlefield enraged
cthulhu strikes at the kraken but it
doesn't seem to feel anything
lightning flashes in the black and
churning clouds
cthulhu tries to tear the kraken off
itself but the squid's tentacles
firmly grasp the green monster meanwhile
you're on your way to point nemo to
watch the battle unfold
you need to sail from the coast of chile
and strange things are happening there
right now
hundreds of sailors are climbing on
board dozens of ships
there are ordinary fishing vessels as
well as heavily armed and loaded navy
ships
and when you ask anyone where all these
people are going
they all give you a dark look and answer
into eternity the kraken is taking the
upper hand
and cthulhu calls its followers to help
it hopes the ships will be able to help
defeat the enemy
but it'll be two days before the first
of them arrive from land
cthulhu finally tears off the kraken and
throws it into the water
the squid attacks again but kabul grabs
it by the tentacles
and lifts it above its head lightning
strikes the kraken
but it's no more than a spark to the
giant monster
at the same time the entrance sailors
stand on decks
and look in the direction of the
battlefield at night
they fall asleep and see the same dream
about the ancient city of relia
in the center of it there's a twisted
chapel and
inside cthulhu sits on its throne
calling its followers day and night and
day
the monsters have been fighting each
other with their last strength
and at last tiny dots gather around them
the ships have arrived they're ready to
attack the kraken
and cthulhu gives them a mental order
but the kraken
has its own ace up its sleeve it hadn't
been sinking ships just for fun
very often it saved thousands of marine
creatures
caught in fishing nets and now they
and their offspring from all over the
ocean come to help the kraken
huge octopuses blue whales great white
sharks
electric eels they're all attacking
enemy ships
whales are ramming the submarines and
eels are turning vehicle engines off
with their electric discharges
suddenly the kraken dives under the
water
did it give up got scared not likely
cthulhu looks out into the ocean and
waits for the squid to attack
the kraken swims beneath the fighting
people and fish
it starts twisting its tentacles
creating a huge whirlpool
the ships are doomed now and cthulhu
can only rely on itself the kraken is a
powerful creature
but it's an animal after all while
cthulhu
is incredibly intelligent albeit
malevolent
it understands that the kraken is a sea
monster and can be defeated
once on land cthulhu's roar shakes the
skies
lightning bolts strike the ocean the
water is boiling
the ancient city of relia is rising from
the bottom of the sea
the kraken can't escape here it needs
water
the squid fights cthulhu with the last
of its strength
but without its element it quickly loses
cthulhu is victorious
now being woken it's going to destroy
the rest of the world
as was foretold but the fight couldn't
have gone unnoticed
thanks to satellite data the world
already knows what's happened
and a plan has been devised to put down
the ancient monster
in case it wins fighter jets enter the
scene
and attack cthulhu the monster raises
its arms to the sky
clouds are gathering around it an
electric discharge
sparkles in the clouds and electricity
disappears within a few hundred miles
including the electronics on board the
jets they're falling down
into the water there's no way to defeat
the mythic beast
but what is it satellites are suddenly
falling from the sky
in dozens cthulhu didn't know that point
nemo
is the dumping ground for space debris
since this is the farthest point from
earth
it's safe to drop idle satellites here
right now hundreds of them are falling
on the ancient city
and bombarding the monster disoriented
by the sudden assault
cthulhu retreats back underwater along
with its city
then in there it decides to go back to
sleep for another
thousand years and wait for a perfect
moment
to ruin the world cthulhu's mind
controlling ability
made all the witnesses of the battle
forget what they saw
humanity is again unaware of the dangers
from the depths
cthulhu doesn't want people to be ready
for its awakening
if you enter these coordinates in the
gps you'll see where point nemo is
in 1997 oceanographers recorded a
mysterious sound from the depths of the
sea
it was called the bloop and can be
easily found on the internet
this event led many people to believe in
the existence of cthulhu
but the panic didn't last long it turned
out that the bloop
was the sound of a glacier splitting or
maybe it's cthulhu that made people
think that way
who knows